I am referencing the data world article on Smart Data Discovery to learn about the basics of Smart Data Discovery.
The article link is : https://data.world/blog/smart-data-discovery/

To put in simple words, Smart Data Discovery is an approach used by data analysts to figure out important
insights from complex datasets. It is smart as it removes the reliablilty on manual processes that were used
traditionally and automates much of the process. It usex Machine Learning and AI to analyze patterns/trends and find
relationships amongst the data that may have gone unnoticed if done manually.

#Evolution of Data Discovery

First versions of Data Discovery required much technical expersite and a large amount of time to extract insights
manually. This led to delays in analysis and the chances of human making errors were also much higher.

Due to the exponential increase of data, such traditional methods became impractical. They can't meet 
the demands of modern businesses and to address this challenge, Gartner came up with an AI-driven approach.

Smart Data Discovery has enabled us to analyze large volumes of data, powered by machine learning. An example would
be Ltft- they developed Amunsden- a data discovery and metadata engine. This tool provides a centralized search interface through which data scientists can quickly find datasets and their owners.

#Benefits of smart data discovery
- Efficiency: Smart Data Discovery enables for automation of repetitive tasks like data preparation and visualization that allows you to focus on more important tasks.
-Accessibility: Even non-technical users can access and understand data. The creation of highly data-driven organization that is 3x more likely to make better decisions.
-Scalibility: Intregrates data from multiple sources and adapts quickly to growing demands.
-Actionable insights: Highlights important patterns and anomalies within data to help you act on opportunities and challenges. For example, Netflix uses smart data discovery to identify viewing trends and provide real-time recommendations based on viewers interests.

